So, eso es muy importante.
Tenemos aquí, he is, que significa él es
o él está y lo podemos contraer como he is.
For example, he is my dad.
Él es mi papá.
He is my dad.
Lo podemos contraer, he's my dad.
Pretty good, pretty good.
Next up, we got another phrase.
He is my brother.
Él es mi hermano.
He's my brother.
Pretty good, pretty good.
Next up, we got, he's my grandpa.
Él es mi abuelo.
He's my grandpa.
Excellent.
Once more, he's my grandpa.
That's awesome.
So, he is, que lo podemos contraer como
he's, significa él es, él está.
Next up, we go with she is, que lo
podemos contraer como she's.
Eso significa ella es o ella está.
For example, she's my sister.
Ella es mi hermana.
Dilo conmigo en English.
She's my sister.
Pretty good, pretty good.
Once more, she's my sister.
Excellent.
Or we could also say, she's my mom.
That's awesome.
She's my mom.
Ella es mi mamá.
That's great.
Next up, we go, she's my grandma.
That's awesome.
Ella es mi abuela.
She's my grandma.
Excelente.
Now, it, it, lo utilizamos cuando nos
vamos a referir a una cosa, a un objeto,
a un animal, a una idea, ¿ok?
Algo abstracto.
For example, we could say, it is, que
significa es o está.
Y lo podemos contraer como it's.
Over here, it is my pet.
Es mi mascota.
It is my...
Pretty good.
It is, lo podemos contraer como it's.
So, dilo conmigo.
It's my pet.
Excellent.
All right.
Next up, we go, it's my book.
It's my book.
Es mi libro.
Excellent.
We could also say, it's funny.
Es divertido.
Dilo conmigo.
It's funny.
Excellent.
Once more, it's funny.
That's great.
Now, we could also say, it's my idea.
Es mi idea.
It's my idea.
Pretty good.
Once more, it's my idea.
That's right.
Excelente.
Entonces, para he, she, it, usamos
siempre is.
He is.
She is.
It is.
Pretty good.
So, don't forget to rate this video.
Dale ahí unas estrellitas a este video.
Also, write a comment down there of at
least 15 words.
Escribe un comentario allá abajo de
mínimo 15 palabras.
And don't forget, every step forward is a victory.
Cada paso hacia adelante es una victoria.
And you're going in the right direction.
Tú vas en la dirección correcta.
See you in the next one.